- Hey guys, so I finally
decided on my Halloween costume.
This year for Halloween, I'm going to be
The Fabulous Doctor!
♫ Oh my god, I don't have a clue
♫ These paradoxes are hard to construe
♫ My mind is blown I bet yours is too
♫ But I guess this is
♫ Doctor Who
♫ It's the Big Bang Two
♫ And I need to review
♫ What on earth just happened
♫ Before my eyes
♫ Time has gone askew
♫ The universe has too
♫ I'll try and explain to you
♫ The Big Bang Two ♫
So, how did this costume come about?
Well, a few years ago I had an extra
Tenth Doctor Sonic Screwdriver,
and so I thought wouldn't it
be cool if I bedazzled it?
And so I did.
But then my Eleventh
Doctor Sonic Screwdriver
seemed kind of lonely and plain.
So I bedazzled that one as well.
Sorry I didn't get that
much footage of making
the actual Sonic Screwdriver,
but to be honest,
it's just hot gluing rhinestones over and
over and over again.
So, it wouldn't really have
been all that interesting.
I'm so happy I finally
found all the colored
rhinestones I needed, though.
The silver ones are easy enough to find,
but I had to go to a dedicated bead store
to find the plastic black ones and
the Swarovski copper and matte white.
They told me in the store
that the matte white
is actually discontinued,
so if that's true,
and you want to make one, I would suggest
buying them up quick.
But what's a bedazzled Sonic Screwdriver
without an outfit to go along with it?
Let me take you through
the rest of the costume.
Starting at the bottom,
I'm wearing black boots
with plain, black pants.
Then I have a peach tank
top, and I was going
to wear suspenders, but
I didn't want to have to
tuck the tank top into my pants,
so instead, I sewed sequins
directly onto the shirt
to mimic the suspenders.
The jacket is from Forever 21.
I didn't really have to do anything to it,
but I bought it like two
days ago, so it's probably
still in stores if you want
to pick one up as well.
Okay, now the fun craft projects.
Rather than wear a bowtie,
I decided to make a bowtie necklace.
Even though bowties are
cool, sequined bowtie
necklaces are fabulous.
I made this by cutting the
shape out of museum board,
painting it red, hot
gluing on the sequins,
and then just attaching a necklace chain.
And finally, the fez.
I wanted to make kind of
a mini fez that sits off
to the side, I think it's really cute.
I made the shape out of a cereal box.
Sorry I don't have a pattern,
but I kinda freehanded it,
since I knew I was going
to be covering it all
with sequins anyway, so it
didn't have to be perfect.
I painted it red, and then
I hot glued the sequins on
until I had covered the whole thing.
And then I used wire to
attach it to a headband
so that it would actually
balance on my head.
And that's the whole outfit.
The thing that I like
about this costume is that
you can break it out into
different, everyday pieces.
Like I might not wear a
red, sequined fez everyday,
but I could totally wear this necklace
with any regular outfit.
And I never would have picked
this jacket out on my own,
but I actually really like it.
Im sure I'll keep wearing
it outside of this costume.
But do you wanna know what
the most stressful thing
in the world is?
Not knowing if you have enough supplies
to finish a project.
So, with the sequins,
they sell it by the yard,
but when I got to the store,
there wasn't very much
left on the spool, maybe like six yards?
So, I just bought all of
it, and it ended up being
exactly the amount I needed
to finish this costume.
Like, there is nothing left.
I used exactly all of it.
How does that even happen?
But that is my 2012 Halloween costume.
I'm actually really excited
to have the matching
bedazzled Sonic Screwdrivers now.
Maybe I should make the whole set.
Anyone know how many of the Classic Who
Sonic Screwdrivers they've released?
So, let me know in the
comments what you're
going to be for Halloween, and
what exciting plans you have.
And if you missed last week's
Halloween crafting video,
I make three Halloween themed necklaces,
so you can check that out right here.
And if you like my Doctor
Who crafts, and you want
to see me make a Doctor
Who themed Guess Who set,
you can check that out right here.
Be sure to hit Subscribe
if you're new here,
and stay tuned until next
Tuesday for the final installment
in my Halloween crafting series.
Thank you so much for watching.
I will see you all next time.
♫ Then she remembers something old
♫ Something new
♫ Something borrowed
♫ Something blue ♫